docs(cognito): README touch-ups (#10993)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-cognito/README.md

sign in. Read more about this
[here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/user-pool-settings-attributes.html#user-pool-settings-aliases-settings).

> ⚠️ Username and Alias attributes `phone`, `email`, or `preferredUserName` are user pool properties that cannot be updated.

Author: done

For more information on the function of these triggers and how to configure them, read [User Pool Workflows with
Triggers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-identity-pools-working-with-aws-lambda-triggers.html).

> You may need to provide your Lambda trigger with permissions to perform operations against your user pool.

Reviewer: Create a subsection here called 'Trigger permissions' and starting off with a sentence on how to provide permission to lambda trigger. Then follow it up with a paragraph about the lambda trigger needing user pool permissions.

Author: took a run at it!

Permission can be provided by through the `attachInlinePolicy` API on the Lambda function.

```ts
import * as lambda from '@aws-cdk/aws-lambda';

const postAuthFn = new lambda.Function(this, 'postAuthFn', {
  code: lambda.Code.fromInline('foo'),
  runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
  handler: 'index.handler',
});

const userpool = new UserPol(this, 'myuserpool', {
  lambdaTriggers: {
    postAuthentication: postAuthFn,
  },
});

// provide permissions to describe the user pool
fn.role?.attachInlinePolicy(new Policy(stack, 'userpool-policy', {
  statements: [new PolicyStatement({
    actions: ['cognito-idp:DescribeUserPool'],
    resources: [userpool.userPoolArn],
  })],
}));
```

⚠️ Using the `attachToRolePolicy` API to provide permissions to a Lambda trigger will result in a circular dependency error:

> > Circular dependency between resources: [pool056F3F7E, fnPostAuthFnCognitoA630A2B1, ...]

Reviewer: Would be nice to state this before providing the work around.

Author: agreed. moved this up to highlight it before offering the workaround.

For more information on the function of these triggers and how to configure them, read [User Pool Workflows with
Triggers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-identity-pools-working-with-aws-lambda-triggers.html).

#### Trigger Permissions

> You can provide permissions to your Lambda trigger using the `attachToRolePolicy` API which will update
> the execution role used by the Lambda function.

Reviewer: The language throughout this doc avoids the 2nd person.

```suggestion
The `function.attachToRolePolicy()` API can be used to add additional IAM permissions to the lambda trigger
as necessary.
```

> ⚠️ Using the `attachToRolePolicy` API to provide permissions scoped to your user pool will result in a circular dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ Using the `attachToRolePolicy` API to provide permissions to your user pool will result in a circular dependency. See [aws/aws-cdk#7016](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/7016).
```

Error message when running `cdk synth` or `cdk deploy`:
> Circular dependency between resources: [pool056F3F7E, fnPostAuthFnCognitoA630A2B1, ...]

> To work around the circular dependency issue, your Lambda trigger can be granted permissions to perform operations
> on your user pool using the `attachInlinePolicy` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work around the circular dependency issue, use the `attachInlinePolicy()` API instead, as shown below.
```

```ts
const postAuthFn = new lambda.Function(this, 'postAuthFn', {
  code: lambda.Code.fromInline('post authentication'),
  runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
  handler: 'index.handler',
});

const userpool = new cognito.UserPool(this, 'myuserpool', {
  lambdaTriggers: {
    postAuthentication: postAuthFn,
  },
});

// provide permissions to describe the user pool scoped to the ARN of 'myuserpool'
postAuthFn.role?.attachInlinePolicy(new iam.Policy(this, 'userpool-policy', {
  statements: [new iam.PolicyStatement({
    actions: ['cognito-idp:DescribeUserPool'],
    resources: [userpool.userPoolArn],
  })],
}));

> ```

Reviewer: This is 15 lines of code with only the last 5 lines of actual value. Anything we can do to reduce the amount of boilerplate?

Not a major comment.

Author: I could create a new fixture specifically for this snippet. would you prefer that here? - it's primarily this long for rosetta compatibility

Reviewer: Either that or linking to the specific issue comment that has this workaround?

Author: created a fixture (didn't quite read your comment). we can also link to comment if it's helpful, but i figured at least the fixture will help users in other languages as well.
